[ENH] Implement cluster-level correction in `permuted_ols` (#3181)
nilearn/nilearn: doc/changes/latest.rst

NEW
---

> - :func:`~mass_univariate.permuted_ols` and :func:`~glm.second_level.non_parametric_inference` now support cluster-level FWE correction (:gh:`3181` by `Taylor Salo`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :func:`~mass_univariate.permuted_ols` and :func:`~glm.second_level.non_parametric_inference` now support cluster-level Family-wise error correction (:gh:`3181` by `Taylor Salo`_).
```
